README.md, before:

# EaseQR

EaseQR is a high-performance QR code generator featuring integrated temporary file hosting. It is designed for rapid sharing of links, text, and documents with automatic expiration.

<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Captura de Tela (86)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c434c552-31df-4ed9-a5c5-00fb10f3757c" />

## Core Capabilities

- **Instant Generation**: Paste links or text to create a QR code on the fly.
- **Temporary Hosting**: Upload files up to 100MB to receive a direct download link and a corresponding QR code.
- **Intuitive Workflow**: Supports drag-and-drop file processing and clipboard interaction.
- **Privacy Focused**: Files are stored temporarily on Tmpfiles.org and expire automatically.

## Technical Details

Built with a focus on speed and reliability using:

- **ZXing**: For robust QR code generation.
- **Tmpfiles.org API**: For ephemeral file storage.
- **Vanilla JS**: No heavy frameworks, ensuring fast load times and a responsive experience.

## Usage

1. Open the application.
2. Enter text, paste a URL, or drag a file onto the interface.
3. The QR code updates automatically.
4. Scan or share the generated content instantly.

Commit message:

Update README after removing tmpfiles

README.md, after:

# EaseQR

EaseQR is a high-performance QR code generator designed for rapid sharing of links, text, and local files. It focuses on speed, simplicity, and a clean workflow.

<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Captura de Tela (86)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c434c552-31df-4ed9-a5c5-00fb10f3757c" />

## Core Capabilities

- **Instant Generation**: Paste links or text to create a QR code on the fly.
- **Local File Support**: Drag-and-drop files up to 100MB to generate a QR code for a local blob URL.
- **Intuitive Workflow**: Supports drag-and-drop file processing and clipboard interaction.
- **History List**: Keeps recent items in a bottom-sheet list for quick reuse.

## Technical Details

Built with a focus on speed and reliability using:

- **ZXing**: For robust QR code generation.
- **Vanilla JS**: No heavy frameworks, ensuring fast load times and a responsive experience.

## Usage

1. Open the application.
2. Enter text, paste a URL, or drag a file onto the interface.
3. The QR code updates automatically.
4. Scan or share the generated content instantly.
